adds FAQ for tests failing in CI but passing locally (#2571)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/faq/questions/dashboard-faq.md

No, although we are looking to build an on-premise version of the Dashboard for use in private clouds. If you're interested in our on-premise version, please add your interest to our {% url "Dashboard Product Board" https://portal.productboard.com/cypress-io/1-cypress-dashboard %}!

## {% fa fa-angle-right %} Why do my Cypress tests pass locally but not in CI?

There are many reasons why tests may fail in CI but pass locally. Some of these include:

> - There is a problem isolated to the Electron browser (Tests run in CI use the Electron browser)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is a problem isolated to the Electron browser (`cypress run` by default runs in the Electron browser)
```

- A test failure in CI could be highlighting a bug in your CI build process
- Variability in timing when running your application in CI (For example, network requests that resolve within the timeout locally may take longer in CI)

> 

Reviewer: I might also add something about the machine differences in CI versus locally. You're running on a different machine so there may not be enough CPU, the environment settings may not be passed in properly, etc. Kind of like, machine setup issues.

To troubleshoot why tests are failing in CI but passing locally, you can try these strategies:

> - Test locally with Electron to identify if the issue is specific to the browser.

Reviewer: Would probably add to try running in a different browser in CI - like `--browser chrome` to run the installed Chrome browser on that machine.
